I can't seem to make heads or tails of
this map how am I ever gonna find that
orphanage
if only oh use my phone to help you guy
with a cell phone man thank goodness
you're here
now let me see well it looks like the
nearest orphanage is two blocks that way
turn right and then left to the next
intersection it's a 15-minute walk but
there's a bus that leaves from over
there in three minutes thanks guy with a
cell phone man
what would we ever do without you no
problem citizen just doing my job got on
the cell phone man oh come on it's great
you're kidding right okay fine I'm
officially ruling that you are
forfeiting your movie choice privileges
on grounds of incompetence I get to
choose okay with a cellphone man how can
I help citizens we can't decide on a
movie I want to see gravity or maybe
captain Phillips but he wants to see the
One Direction movie for the third time
you just don't understand us
Directioners their music speaks to me
well I can tell you that both captain
Phillips and gravity have a higher
Rotten Tomatoes rating than one
direction this is us
whatever critics don't know what they're
talking about I can also see from
Wikipedia that Zane from One Direction
just got engaged to Perrie Edwards from
Little Mix let's go see gravity are you
okay I don't want to talk about it I
just wanna watch George Clooney kick ass
in space I don't think that's what that
movies about another problem so bye guy
with a cell phone man oh god help help
fire
you're safe now citizen guy with a
cellphone man is here uh no offense guy
with a cellphone man but how does a
cellphone help in this situation
uh uh it has a flashlight that you can
use to look around there is fire
everywhere the red hot flames make it
very bright in here I assure you right
uh well uh according to my weather app
it's gonna rain tomorrow so that's good
I was hoping for something a little
sooner right that's still a phone right
but of course I'm guy with a cell phone
man after all
it also has email and Twitter and
Facebook and a music player get the apps
just call nine-one-one yes I can do that
Fire Department it is I guy with a cell
phone man yes yes the very same thank
you they are on their way
excellent thank you guy with a cell
phone man you're welcome citizen but now
I am needed elsewhere guy with a cell
phone man to the rescue
stop right there guy with the cell phone
man lady landline still sticking with
your Luddite ways I see wired phones are
more reliable sure they are wait while I
just tweet about something funny I saw
huh that's strange you are tweeting
anything guy with a cell phone man I've
used my incredible wealth to buy up all
the cell phone towers in the city and
sell them cheap to AT&T mom ahahaha EG&G
but they're an American company if they
owned all the cell phone towers then oh
no that's right guy with a cell phone
man you're roaming you monster I hope
you saved some money after buying that
fancy new phone I hear those roaming
data fees can be killer
up up I think I'll order a pizza
is this the end for guy with a cell
phone man will the retro reprobate lady
landlines ruin his roaming rates wreck
our radical ringtone ranger tune in next
time to find out there will not be a
next time
Thanks
hey does anybody have a cell phone that
I could borrow really need to update my
facebook status